this is strictly in 60 seconds your
Whistlestop guide to britain's toughest
dance contest this week on nimble 9 gave
it their all with a spectacular array of
dance styles the bar was raised with
Scott and Cara at the top of the charts
those kicks and flicks were incredible
it's flat down and I loved it Felicity
and AM missed a few beats you can never
afford to lose rhythm in flow and you
lost it a bit I don't think you danced
it well at all he's still very very
labored and you keep looking down
between your legs look at his face
darling a footing spied but destiny
dealt a cruel blow as another couple
left the competition it's Michelle as
the egg remaining couples head for the
bright lights of Blackpool you can keep
up to date with all the gossip from the
home of ballroom right here at
bbc.co.uk/topgear